---
date: '2018-10-04'
title: How do you get paid as a publisher?
tags:
  - news
category: How to
thumbnail: ''
---
## Factors that affect eCPM.

We use every chance to reach out to our publishers and keep them informed about their earning prospects. Here is a comprehensive overview of what you can expect as a publisher!

Our pricing model is built around the ratio between supply and demand for traffic. No fixed CPM or CPC - actual traffic cost is a given fact which we have no influence on or predict. 

CPM of an ad unit is determined by the following factors:

* number of unique impressions\
  _Please, mind that we've got an alternative way of counting unique impressions. We count as unique globally unique impressions which means that a single IP address will be counted as unique only once every 24 hours when the visitor encounters any of our banners on any of our publishers’ websites. It isn't counted as unique again during this interval no matter how many banners the visitor subsequently sees and what websites he visits. So, our numbers of unique impressions will be much lower than those reported by other networks for the same traffic. This means that it's quite useless to compare our CPMs with the ones of other networks._
* number of unique clicks\
  _Unique clicks certainly affect your earnings but not that much - it just allows our system to differentiate between bona fide publishers who actually attract valid traffic and between those who believe they can cheat our system by "showing" our ads to bots._\
  _A low number of clicks might make you a victim of our algorithm: if your visitors click a banner and fail to solve CAPTCHA, they are regarded as invalid by our system and your ad unit is punished. It looks as if someone failed to solve CAPTCHA on your site. There are advertisers who may reward you for the unique clicks generated by your website but this depends on their conversion criteria and it’s not universally true._
* number of paying campaigns ready to buy the traffic from an ad unit and their current budgets \
  _Here comes the impact of language, geo location, ad unit dimensions, categories defined for the website._\
  _Remember: our daily budget varies greatly from day to day as advertising campaigns come and go. We cannot promise or predict that your ad unit will match the category, language, banner sizes, budget, etc. of currently running ads. _
* content filters defined for the ad unit \
  _The ad unit owner might forbid any of the following advertising categories: NSFW, Shady, Gambling, Risky Investments and also he might choose to show only text advertisements.  A number of our advertisers match these categories or they choose to show graphical banners only, so your earnings might be affected._
* ad unit display rate \
  _Our bot checks whether the ad unit is present at the specified URL every two hours. If the bot can access the ad unit only once every two attempts, then the display rate is 50%. To make sure that your ad unit is accessible, follow these simple rules.
* size and location of an ad unit on a website page \
  _If the ad unit can be clearly seen and located on the page properly and falls into a popular size category it’s more likely to collect more impressions and clicks and earn more._
* quality of traffic \
  _This is simple. We don't accept bot generated traffic and we welcome good and honest publishers!_
